Unknown Speaker  0:15  
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  0:17  
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  0:21  
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  0:31  
Wait, where's my camera off?

Unknown Speaker  0:39  
This is recording. What?

Unknown Speaker  0:45  
Like, come on, bro.

Unknown Speaker  0:49  
I hope not. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:00  
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:03  
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:04  
Okay. Today's date is the 10th of July, 2026 Um, this gonna be on governing yourself, like a you know the principle of governance.

Unknown Speaker  1:18  
You know, I'm gonna be talking about to me myself and I about governance, but you know I'll go my notes here.

Unknown Speaker  1:28  
You know, but you know I'm trying to govern myself in the southeast. So basically, basically the the the the picture made you know the pressure made was control for for for Biafra, like it's probably gonna be taken seriously by anyone. But you know, but it's gonna be hard to abide because you know, it gave me power. You know, the council designed me house and they gave me power. So you know, I I can always argue that to anyone because I'm competing directly with government. You know, I'm competing with government. So today's video, geopolitics. How do I govern myself abroad?

Unknown Speaker  2:08  
How do I govern myself abroad? The solutions to the simplest, you know, set up my business so I can set up my business in Nigeria.

Unknown Speaker  2:17  
That is OBI Nexus, you know, because. Because selling my business abroad, so that's my selling my business. Obnex is abroad, so I have to register for Nigeria. My business in Nigeria, but I'm still in debt. I'm still in debt in the UK, so register my business in Nigeria.

Unknown Speaker  2:41  
Then I'll be Nigerian Obi Nexus, so you know.

Unknown Speaker  2:45  
But you know, I'm trying to govern abroad, so you know.

Unknown Speaker  2:49  
So basically, but you know, I'm building. I'm gonna be building here and in Nigeria, but I'm gonna have two operating systems. So, so I'm just gonna for like you know, for me, I feel like it's kind of yeah, not completing what I'm doing here. But this is literally Muker OSS, so it's a compound. It's compound, compound. It's a compound.

Unknown Speaker  3:13  
I said I was gonna buy some drones to go to Heilonton. We called the over. I never done that.

Unknown Speaker  3:20  
I'm so stuck in this room.

Unknown Speaker  3:23  
No, I'm not stuck. I can go anytime I want to go out.

Unknown Speaker  3:28  
So this is Muko West. So you know, I'm building a lot in UK. So you know, this is to govern a lot between the UK. If I notice, constituent updates speak to the people of Nigeria.

Unknown Speaker  3:45  
Basically, I'm trying to build like compounds. So you know, like I'm trying to develop land, not just build compound. The compound is land, develop the land. So, so, so I'm not, but it's on the Nigerian framework, the Nigerian framework, but it's gonna be my own compound, like you know, my own legislative document. So Oha iwu iji, so you're gonna have Oha community iwu bilateral law and iju order a unlawful. unilateral consensus, unilateral order, like order means trans order. So you know that's what I'm saying. So for me, some students, Nigerians, I'm thinking to actually people. So basically, basically, because Nigerian government still develop, you know, but they're still developing the we're still developing ourselves. Just let me show you what I mean. Actually,

Unknown Speaker  4:44  
basically, I'm talking about the old time, the kind of the time they want to develop our southeast region. Let me show you what I mean here.

Unknown Speaker  4:56  
So this is the things I'm saying that I'm trying to develop. So basically,

Unknown Speaker  5:02  
um.

Unknown Speaker  5:03  
Yes, so this is the act. This is the plan plaque ac dot o that i act. This is the act of Nigeria. So this is some of the acts here. So we got the South East Development Commission establishment of the act of acts which contain articles 2025 example for the static region, you know, and document that I love to refer to, but I'm gonna be developing Anambra State. One person shall be,

Unknown Speaker  5:41  
you know, this is because you know we are trying to diversify the government. So this is my this is where I'm from from the southeast. I'm from Anambra, maybe I'm from Abuja, actually. But you know this is the southeast states of Nigeria. So this is the governance agreement. But you know I'm going I'll take this framework. I'm going to this document, I'm gonna use this document to make it better. So you know, if I, if I, if I basically, the idea in layman's terms is if I, this is standards. If I, if I, if this, this is this is specification. This is specification to me.

Unknown Speaker  6:17  
If I can make this better, if I can make better specification, just leave us alone, you know, because we can govern ourselves. If you can't govern ourselves, they will not leave us alone. That's a simple thing. It's two ways, binary. Can you govern yourself? Can you not?

Unknown Speaker  6:32  
This is the idea here. So basically, I have some powers to return, but you know, I'm gonna build one in the UK first. You know, I don't have any money, but you know, I want to come back home to Nigeria.

Unknown Speaker  6:49  
So this is the this is Southeast work. I don't know Southeast, but you know, listen, an act established the Southeast Development Commission, child boost 100 of a month, things receive and manage funds from allocation of the federal account of the construction and rehabilitation of roads, houses, and infrastructure. This was done a long, long time ago. You know, this was like during the barefoot war after the barefoot war, but it wasn't done. So this was gonna work, but I wanted to work because we are right in the document. We are doing the documents. We know we work. So you know, so I have to propose my own. Basically, if I basically if I have a better specification for this document, this is basically it's no specification. No, I don't use that terminology. I like to use terminology like because I use the terminology because you know it can be implemented. You know that I'm saying. So you know it can be implemented. It is implemented. So you know, so the idea is like if I build this publication up, you know, and make it much better, it can govern as something and leave us alone, you know. But you know, it's gonna respect and do all the things. You're gonna be doing above and beyond. Doing above and beyond.

Unknown Speaker  7:59  
So this governance, you know, because I want to govern, I want to govern, I want to rule the people. So you know, things like they say miss some metric or anything. It doesn't say anything here.

Unknown Speaker  8:19  
Oh wait, a member of the board will cease to remember if he becomes unsan on sandman incapable of discharging his from his duties, become bankrupt, suspends payments, or compounds creditors. That's corruption. It's conducive or friendly. Look, it's the same. Nigeria makes you accountable. It makes you accountable. In the Ninja leadership, we have people. A member of the board seems to be a member if he, a, becomes of unsound mind, or incapable of discharging his duties,

Unknown Speaker  8:57  
becomes bankrupt, suspends payment, or compounds with its own creditors.

Unknown Speaker  9:04  
It's a victim of a of any offense, including disorder or fraud. These are things that make you accountable in Nigeria. In UK, listen, we don't have this. They don't do that making them unseen. They can do anything they want. They can make you homeless. Because I'm not saying Nigeria, because I'm not saying Nigeria is better. I'm saying that we have consequences for your actions in the administration. This was killing everyone.

Unknown Speaker  9:27  
Now this is proof of it.

Unknown Speaker  9:34  
Okay. Yes. Rivalry. Rivaling.

Unknown Speaker  9:37  
Basically, my my my stomach isn't the right. It's not rivaling. Okay, my framework is says here rivaling framework based ontology, new diverged

Unknown Speaker  9:49  
policies, like you know, like you know, like you know, I say policing policies.

Unknown Speaker  9:56  
So I'm thinking of this. So rivaling frameworks.

Unknown Speaker  10:01  
So basically, my framework is neurodivergent because I have new divergence. We don't do first only, so only first, usually first. So that means that because university transfer the UK disabled, you know, you help disabled people act and act on do the wrong, you know, because in the worst case, if you're disabled and you can't do, that means film is already broken for a lot of people because disability is on the spectrum. That's just autism.

Unknown Speaker  10:29  
So the writing film is based on ontology means that me myself and I, you know, the frame of reference um you know that you know our history of how we work, how we function, you know, and that's what I'm saying. The it's something that ontological is more philosophical. Obviously, ontology is one the first subject of philosophy.

Unknown Speaker  10:51  
It's the literature of truth based on local local maximum. You know that's how I think about it.

Unknown Speaker  10:57  
And see, I'm

Unknown Speaker  11:01  
just reading this document, you know. I'm just skimming and scamming, but you know, just see how what I can do.

Unknown Speaker  11:07  
Where is your currency domain branch? We found presenting agency to complete the module of the term of percentages.

Unknown Speaker  11:18  
I can start a business right now. I can register for the Nigerian business right now. We're in the Nigerian business here in Nigeria, and that's next step. You know, if I want to govern abroad, but you know, I'll be governing UK based on the if I want to bring people abroad.

Unknown Speaker  11:40  
Nigeria is hard, man.

Unknown Speaker  11:46  
Being indigenous South States.

Unknown Speaker  11:58  
Staff of the Commission version 13.18 13.1

Unknown Speaker  12:04  
a the uh the shall be for the commission a managed director of three individual directors new positions for member state in the alphabetic order.

Unknown Speaker  12:13  
A managed director shall be an indigenous gene of any state of spouse in the southeast. Yes, that's me.

Unknown Speaker  12:22  
Have such qualifications? Prisoners are appropriate for a person that can prove the function of office under the ax. Yes, that's me. I can do this. Be appointed by the president. No, confirmed by the sentence as, and yes, that can be me.

Unknown Speaker  12:37  
So I listen for this. You know, I can get to the president's order.

Unknown Speaker  12:43  
Held off for um such a long time uh of emulation conditional service than the position according to something.

Unknown Speaker  13:00  
Oh, see the problem is that you know I can't just go and for me personally, I'm going and going to my country. I'm going to if I go to my, you know, like right now today, you know, if I have the money to, I can govern. I can I can have power to do something. You know, my community. That is what's all about. is this recording my audio?

Unknown Speaker  13:27  
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:30  
okay,

Unknown Speaker  13:35  
okay, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  13:38  
You can't hear me,

Unknown Speaker  13:42  
so. yeah.

Unknown Speaker  13:47  
So this is it. So this acts here.

Unknown Speaker  13:51  
In this act, chairman means chairman of the board. Commission means Southeast Development or Commission, the Respect of the Section. Welcome, Governor Commission business people develop in the southeast,

Unknown Speaker  14:09  
this is one act. I love it. So I'm saying that you know I don't hate Nigeria. I will never hate Nigeria because Nigeria just put me in prison for three years of my life.

Unknown Speaker  14:19  
You know, Nigeria did not molest her marriages me in a care home.

Unknown Speaker  14:26  
I'm building on Franklin Nigeria. You know, for me, I can still build my own, but you know, the UK, but my heart belongs to Biafra Nigeria.

Unknown Speaker  14:36  
I'm saying.

Unknown Speaker  14:43  
So these are the other articles. Let me just pin this.

Unknown Speaker  14:48  
Let me add it to my choose

Unknown Speaker  14:56  
Nigeria Nigeria configuration Nigerian articles. Mandurian

Unknown Speaker  15:11  
acts.

Unknown Speaker  15:28  
These are acts.

Unknown Speaker  15:31  
Ah, these are these are white cosmic conditions.

Unknown Speaker  15:36  
Nigeria Police Act,

Unknown Speaker  15:40  
modulatory prevention and prohibition.

Unknown Speaker  15:44  
2010 scene.

Unknown Speaker  15:51  
I will never money laundering.

Unknown Speaker  15:54  
So this is something that makes it um uh.

Unknown Speaker  16:05  
This what you should know as law. This what you should get to know in Nigeria. This you guys should be doing. You guys should know the law. This body means to know your rights from the law.

Unknown Speaker  16:13  
I'm not here to. I'm here to teach you right from the law. You know, but I'm here to. I'm saying.

Unknown Speaker  16:23  
No

Unknown Speaker  16:23  
person or body corporate shall expect accept an information through a financial institution, make or accept cash flows of the sum exceeding 5 million naira, or its equivalent in the case of an individual, or 10,000 1000 million naira.

Unknown Speaker  16:45  
In case for boarding configuration.

Unknown Speaker  17:03  
This money laundering problem in Nigeria. I don't know what laundering stands for. Does lending money

Unknown Speaker  17:11  
for Nikki League obtain dirty money?

Unknown Speaker  17:16  
Ah, money laundering.

Unknown Speaker  17:24  
Where's my? I just closed it.

Unknown Speaker  17:27  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  17:28  
So here.

Unknown Speaker  17:36  
No, we should be doing all the. We have to tighten this up, basically. So it says here, 50,000 example. So if I my framework making 2000

Unknown Speaker  17:46  
normal, making half like a half of five is two two and a half two and a half million pounds, 2.5 million naira, and 5 million naira, and that should be a genome. That basically because I reduced money in the dream, my friend, I I can go for myself.

Unknown Speaker  18:08  
I don't think any teacher what I'm saying seriously, but you know I've tried to. I'm now above the you know because I'm now obviously I know I'm the low so much that I'm above the system. I'm not I'm not above the system because I'm in the system still. I'm so stuck. But you see, I'm saying I know the framework and I know how it works. So this is just like a you know I can question my rights through this.

Unknown Speaker  18:38  
Okay, thank you for watching this video, guys.

Unknown Speaker  18:42  
Thank you for watching this video.

Unknown Speaker  18:57  
Go on,

Unknown Speaker  19:01  
so.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
