Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Press four if you would like to hear these options again. Press five

Unknown Speaker  0:07  
if you are new to GA and interested in learning about our boot camps and short courses. Please press one if you are already applying to a program and are working with an admissions advisor. Please press two if you are an employer interested in partnering with GA to provide solutions for your organization. Press three for all other inquiries. Press four if you would like to hear these options again. Press five.

Unknown Speaker  0:37  
Transferring

Unknown Speaker  1:15  
We are sorry, an application error has occurred. Goodbye. Bye. I

Unknown Speaker  1:37  
thank you for calling General Assembly London as part of our legitimate interest to better serve our customers, and for training, quality, and monitoring purposes, calls may be recorded.

Unknown Speaker  1:47  
If you are new to GA and interested in learning about our boot camps and short courses, please press one. If you are already applying to a program and are working with an admissions advisor, please press two. If you are an employer interested in partnering with GA to provide solutions for your organization, press three. For all other inquiries, press four. If you would like to hear these options again, press Transferring

Unknown Speaker  2:22  
90. I pressed option three this time I

Unknown Speaker  2:47  
We are sorry, an application error has occurred. Goodbye.

Unknown Speaker  2:58  
Thank you for calling General Assembly one as part of our legitimate interest to better serve our customers, and for training, quality, and monitoring purposes, calls may be recorded.

Unknown Speaker  3:09  
If you are new to GA and interested in learning about our boot camps and short courses, please press one. If you are already applying to a program and are working with an admissions advisor, please press two. If you are an employer interested in part.

Unknown Speaker  3:27  
Reykjavik is unavailable at the moment. Please leave voicemail after the deep sound.

Unknown Speaker  3:35  
Oh, hello, my name is Nnamdi. I was a part of General Assembly 817 but my mission was closed out. I'm looking for partnership and opportunities with General Assembly.

Unknown Speaker  3:52  
I'm trying to build, trying to build AI systems and need the need to form needs a need to need an appointment for like-minded people in General Assembly in Central London.

Unknown Speaker  4:08  
My number is 07488229054

Unknown Speaker  4:13  
Again, that's 07488229054

Unknown Speaker  4:21  
Please call me back on my inquiry. I'm trying to build my first AI model, and age 25 I was a general assembly age 17 AI model, artificial intelligence model. Message has been received. Our team will be reaching out shortly.

Unknown Speaker  4:45  
So basically, I called General Assembly today.

Unknown Speaker  4:51  
Today is the eighth of June, 8 of July, 2026 I'm trying to call General Assembly to help me build ontological basic intelligence as part of partnership. No, I've got the proof, I've done all the work, all the proof, all the mathematics. Don't know about myself. Now I can't be now. I need the team to build the AI model, because I need an actual data team. I need. I can't do everything myself, so I can't do everything myself. I start now, but you know the team is what I'm trying to get into my business, so I'll be building my own Obenisis AI model, so you know the AM also become robot systems, the artificial

Unknown Speaker  5:38  
intelligence,

Unknown Speaker  5:41  
let's see intelligence models like Claude, or you know, just build I, but you know, I do know how to clean data. I do know how to train, train bites away. I mean, I do not have the methods, but I can't do myself just a decent silo.

Unknown Speaker  6:01  
How would that data set ready to be processed, and I don't have the techniques, the patience to even like get started.

Unknown Speaker  6:09  
I mean, I guess that was data with the data, but to build a model, I have the expertise, and that's what I'm struggling with. So, you know, I really started with data science, and you know, data science is, you know, about guys in data.

Unknown Speaker  6:26  
It's about one thing we're going to do is about structuring data, so you know, preparing data for the next, for the systems like models, and I've really done that. So, you know, the ontological basic intelligence, associate intelligence model. Yes, was what I'm trying to literally build. I've done, I've completed the proof of it. So, let me show you what I mean, guys. So, this

Unknown Speaker  6:59  
is a hello,

Unknown Speaker  7:02  
hello. Hello.

Unknown Speaker  7:05  
Oh, sorry. Oh, this is wrong. Sorry,

Unknown Speaker  7:12  
Kenny.

Unknown Speaker  7:14  
Good morning. Yes, I have stated the receptionist that have direct refugees medication and receive treatment, so I'm gonna read and match his right to refuse treatment, but as a caregiver I need, I need, I'm not, I'm trying to build, because I like to inform you, Kenny, if you're from what I'm doing, you know, whether, whether you work with me directly or not, you know, I still get on with it, so you know, I'm trying to build, I have a allotment in Haynes.

Unknown Speaker  7:48  
Yeah, I have to pay. Basically, you see, you see the longitude here, not have to pay for the planning. So, after plan, so the planning is the things I want to build in Haynode. I can give you the postal code for the planning portal,

Unknown Speaker  8:02  
basically, that's where everyone goes, so basically I can, if I, the planning portal is where everyone goes to make applications for the allotment, you know, so you know, so basically I'm doing a compound there, so I can see it frees me of the space, because the council is not in housing, you know, for me, I just have to build my own settlement compound, so what I'm trying to do is use, I can show you what I

Unknown Speaker  8:29  
basically, I'm trying to use the a lot of land there to set up my own compound, you know, UK, so, but you know, I need a, I can't pay, problem, you know, the reason why I even asked for the 5000 because I lost documents I sent you, I can't find it, you know, but it's 30,000k live, basically. The planning portal is because I want to be firm with you, only the planning portal to have to pay for the dwellings.

Unknown Speaker  8:57  
If I go to plan portals,

Unknown Speaker  9:02  
so No, it's not up to 30,000 it's not 10,000

Unknown Speaker  9:09  
No, I'm checking now. I'm logging in now. Basically, I'm logging into the application portal. So let me give you some, okay? So,

Unknown Speaker  9:20  
so basically if you look at, if it says calculate fee, I'm looking at calculate fee button on my allotment on my own things, so it says here it reads, "Please select all type of development of which application relates to, and this is a planning portal planning portal application England, so basically new dwellings or houses. How many dwellings? How many new dwelling houses are you proposing to create?

Unknown Speaker  9:54  
Four, if I put four in here, it goes up to 2531 pounds for planning fee.

Unknown Speaker  10:04  
These are for four houses, but I don't just want one house, I want to have like a compound, so like you know sustained generation. So if I put four houses, I get a fee of 2531

Unknown Speaker  10:18  
pounds. If I put direction of a glass house on land for agricultural purposes. Yes, if I put that, it says erosion of glasses, that's basically a conservatory orangery, meters

Unknown Speaker  10:34  
squared.

Unknown Speaker  10:35  
Basically, the glass houses are my, my, my go-to place to farm agricultural, so I have a building place. If I put 51,000 is it 31

Unknown Speaker  10:53  
I don't even know.

Unknown Speaker  10:55  
Basically, basically, I have a some kind of some documents I have been creating for the planning of the land, so the documentary can show you, can send it to you via email, or via, you know, but it's no means complete, it's not, it's complete, you know, but it's no means architecturally complete, you know, but you know it's the housing, it has to be done.

Unknown Speaker  11:23  
The agriculture house should be done, but you know, these are what you can build in Haynode. So the postal code.

Unknown Speaker  11:36  
oh, the postal code

Unknown Speaker  11:42  
is wait what is the poster call of this place?

Unknown Speaker  11:48  
Yeah, this is your side boundary.

Unknown Speaker  11:55  
Yeah, yeah, basically, yeah, I'm calling because you know I need a care leave allowance, so I can pay the fee for the build two houses. The it's

Unknown Speaker  12:11  
either the personal advocate or you, Kenny, that's why I called, because you know I sent an email to the mermaid house.

Unknown Speaker  12:20  
You know, I feel like, you know, no one really knows these days I say, because I do research them, I do have to.

Unknown Speaker  12:27  
Yeah, so the postal code is IG six two XM in Ilford, in Haynote, Hexbrook Gardens, Hazelbrook.

Unknown Speaker  12:38  
Do you know the location?

Unknown Speaker  12:42  
Yeah. it's in Hano, so you know, so the idea is like, you know, I'll be living here, I'll be living in there while doing my business, so you know, I'll be living there in the quarters, you know, I'm building, because I have to do my own house, you know, because they send out to me for house, like, keep saying that, that's not important, but you know, I'll be, you know, for me, I'm not gonna sue him. I mean, basically, I found I'm waiting for basically I sued a lot of people. I'm not, I didn't see you, Kenny. Don't worry about that, Kenny. You know, not you.

Unknown Speaker  13:13  
I have a.. I mean, I basically, the things I'm trying to do, if I went to Money Claim,

Unknown Speaker  13:25  
Money claim.gov.uk or the Money Claim Service, I logged in and the thing to me that you know that you know it's a core process, it takes time, but the because I see the police station and I'm getting 40,000 4000 out,

Unknown Speaker  13:48  
4000 out, so 4000 and I sued the private because they're giving medication, the depot without on section two, which was nothing to do, the and then I sued 80 supported housing, but you know, if I win this one, basically it's all a gamble, you know, because I mean, I know I win of them, but you know, you know, when you gamble, you have to be wise, so you know the idea basically didn't go to monitoring service, you know, the online service, they will have to do this thing, so you know, I encourage you to look at the legislation, or find, because you know, I find nothing illustration, you know, I find that, you know, legislation is like, you know, people don't really understand the right thing, you don't understand, because it's all like a high level language, it's not direct or indirect language, like, you know, that's why I find it's all indirect, so you know, because it applies to everyone, so you know people struggle with it, you know, but you know, I've been doing for so long, so you know I don't struggle with

Unknown Speaker  14:55  
it, not be reading for so long, so the reason why I called today Kenny was because of the 30 30k you know, I, because, yeah, because I already sent my source code account number on that correspondence email, I just don't know who issues it, because you know there's your process internal, you know, I don't work, I don't work there, you know, allow us to give myself that money and leave and continue my life, I

Unknown Speaker  15:26  
so

Unknown Speaker  15:32  
the from from you guys from Miami House, you know, from the care liver program,

Unknown Speaker  15:41  
so you're attending 35 1000 for me.

Unknown Speaker  15:45  
Well, if it doesn't say it on the law, I wouldn't be saying this, you know. I do not complain to the.. I mean, I could complete it. I'm just kind of

Unknown Speaker  15:54  
checking just to understand your point. Okay, so what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna put it on the north, okay. Yes, and maybe we can understand who is only using 30,000 to go about it.

Unknown Speaker  16:14  
Yeah, Kenny, thank you for understanding. I, because you know this, my last time to do anything I want to do my life, because you know I'm not staying in the bedroom wherever the house. This is the money you want to use to pay for your allotment, right? Yes, yes, yes, yes. This is the money I will be using to pay. What

Unknown Speaker  16:36  
do you intend to put on this allotment? You plan to make some plan? Yeah, I have withdraw.

Unknown Speaker  16:40  
Basically, I've drawn the allotment, like, you know, things I want in that moment already.

Unknown Speaker  16:46  
I've drawn the rendering, the conservatory.

Unknown Speaker  16:50  
I've drawn.

Unknown Speaker  16:53  
I have the documents, consent images, images, because of document, if you like, and have them physically. I can show you, so you know. Let me just forward it to my..

Unknown Speaker  17:05  
I'll forward it to my personal advocate, which is the man. I don't know his name,

Unknown Speaker  17:15  
but that's.. I'm trying to do.. I'm trying to build this kind of utopia. Will I be able to get it from

Unknown Speaker  17:25  
him, or

Unknown Speaker  17:29  
you don't. You have the one that can forward and can fold it, because you know, I prefer to fold it once. I'll send it once, and it goes to everyone, and it's more secure for you, because you know you're not, you're not, you have, you know, I don't want you to experience kind of a security issue, so you know what I will do is I'll basically afford it to the general, I'll send it to the general, and even I sent it to last time, I mean, RB,

Unknown Speaker  18:02  
I

Unknown Speaker  18:34  
Okay, so Mel being us

Unknown Speaker  19:07  
Okay, so let me send this email and

Unknown Speaker  19:39  
It's like a

Unknown Speaker  19:48  
My floor plan.

Unknown Speaker  19:52  
Oh, this is attachment

Unknown Speaker  20:02  
I

Unknown Speaker  20:06  
these are the planning

Unknown Speaker  20:11  
for

Unknown Speaker  20:16  
housing

Unknown Speaker  20:22  
I

Unknown Speaker  20:46  
Okay, how's it?

Unknown Speaker  21:05  
Okay, so that's it.

Unknown Speaker  22:20  
Immediate

Unknown Speaker  22:31  
job is

Unknown Speaker  22:42  
getting under

Unknown Speaker  23:01  
Immediately

Unknown Speaker  23:20  
Thanks for

Unknown Speaker  23:26  
the

Unknown Speaker  24:20  
Up

Unknown Speaker  24:40  
It

Unknown Speaker  24:52  
took your phone

Unknown Speaker  25:20  
Okay, that's.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
